README.md, before:

# PHP-SOAP Practical Work #

This repos contains my practical work related to our PHP OpenXtrem conference at Uni.
This work is fully inspired of https://github.com/eexit/ulr-sysd-client I developped 2 days before.

## Requirements ##

 * >= PHP 5.3.3
 * SOAP PHP extension
 * DOM PHP extension

## Tree ##

    app
    ├── Loader.php
    ├── app.php
    └── client (chmod u+x)
    Icone
    └── Sysd
        └── Soap
            └── Client
                └── Cli
                    ├── Client.php
                    ├── Command
                    │   ├── Calculator.php
                    │   └── CreatePatient.php
                    ├── Validator.php
                    └── WebServiceProvider.php
 
## Usage ##

See application help :

    app/client help
    app/client help calc
    app/client help send:event

Testing the WebService :

    app/client calc --operant=add 2 2
    app/client calc --operant=substract 4 2

Sending an XML event to the WebService :

    app/client send:event var/creation.xml

Same query but with XML schema validation :

    app/client send:event --schema=var/xsd/validationschema.xsd var/creation.xml
    
Same query but with XML response file saving :

    app/client send:event --schema=var/xsd/validationschema.xsd --output=var/response.xml var/creation.xml

## Information ##

Copyright (c) 2011, Joris Berthelot

Joris Berthelot <joris.berthelot@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Updated way to manage username and password

README.md, after:

# PHP-SOAP Practical Work #

This repos contains my practical work related to our PHP OpenXtrem conference at Uni.
This work is fully inspired of https://github.com/eexit/ulr-sysd-client I developped 2 days before.

## Requirements ##

 * >= PHP 5.3.3
 * SOAP PHP extension
 * DOM PHP extension

## Tree ##

    app
    ├── Loader.php
    ├── app.php
    └── client (chmod u+x)
    Icone
    └── Sysd
        └── Soap
            └── Client
                └── Cli
                    ├── Client.php
                    ├── Command
                    │   ├── Calculator.php
                    │   └── CreatePatient.php
                    ├── Validator.php
                    └── WebServiceProvider.php (need to be configured)
 
## Usage ##

Firstly, configure correctly the WebService Auth by editing Icone\Sysd\Soap\Client\Cli\WebServiceProvider.php.
Set the default username and password if you have and set WebService options like proxy, compression, etc.

All commands have thoses two optional options which override default WebServiceProviver::USERNAME and WebServiceProviver::PASSWORD constants :

    command --username=XXXX --password=XXXX

See application help :

    app/client help
    app/client help calc
    app/client help send:event

Testing the WebService :

    app/client calc --operant=add 2 2
    app/client calc --operant=substract 4 2

Sending an XML event to the WebService :

    app/client send:event var/creation.xml

Same query but with XML schema validation :

    app/client send:event --schema=var/xsd/validationschema.xsd var/creation.xml
    
Same query but with XML response file saving :

    app/client send:event --schema=var/xsd/validationschema.xsd --output=var/response.xml var/creation.xml

## Information ##

Copyright (c) 2011, Joris Berthelot

Joris Berthelot <joris.berthelot@gmail.com>
